README.md, before:

# WebMCP Todo List Learning Project

This is a learning project designed to demonstrate the implementation of **WebMCP** in a modern React application. It showcases how to expose application state and functionality as AI-consumable tools directly from the web browser.

## 🚀 Overview

The project is a sleek, responsive Todo List application built with React and Vite. While it functions as a standard task manager, its primary purpose is to illustrate the integration of the `@mcp-b/react-webmcp` library.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Modern UI**: Built with a clean, Material-inspired design using Tailwind CSS.
- **Persistence**: Automatically saves your tasks to `localStorage`.
- **Theme Support**: Responsive dark/light mode support.
- **WebMCP Integration**: Exposes core functionality through the Model Context Protocol (MCP).

## 🛠 WebMCP Integration

This application exposes several MCP tools that allow an AI agent to interact with your todo list:

- `get_todos`: Retrieves all current tasks and provides a pre-rendered HTML UI representation.
- `add_todo`: Allows the agent to add a new task to your list.
- `toggle_todo`: Switches the completion status of a specific task.
- `delete_todo`: Removes a task from the list.

## 💻 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (Latest LTS recommended)
- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (Optional, but recommended for faster dependency management)

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open your browser to the URL provided by Vite (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

## 📚 Learning More

To understand how the MCP tools are implemented, check out the logic in:

- `src/components/TodoList.jsx`: Contains the `useWebMCP` hook definitions.
- `package.json`: Shows the `@mcp-b/` dependencies used.

Commit message:

docs: add details about MCP-B and Google WebMCP

README.md, after:

# WebMCP Todo List Learning Project

This is a learning project designed to demonstrate the implementation of **WebMCP** in a modern React application. It showcases how to expose application state and functionality as AI-consumable tools directly from the web browser.

## 🚀 Overview

The project is a sleek, responsive Todo List application built with React and Vite. While it functions as a standard task manager, its primary purpose is to illustrate the integration of the `@mcp-b/react-webmcp` library.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Modern UI**: Built with a clean, Material-inspired design using Tailwind CSS.
- **Persistence**: Automatically saves your tasks to `localStorage`.
- **Theme Support**: Responsive dark/light mode support.
- **WebMCP Integration**: Exposes core functionality through the Model Context Protocol (MCP).

## � Powered by WebMCP

This project leverages the latest standards in the **Agentic Web**:

### 🌐 Google WebMCP

**WebMCP** is a Google-led initiative (currently in early preview) that aims to provide a standard way for websites to expose structured tools to AI agents. It ensures that agents can perform actions on your site with increased speed, reliability, and precision.

- **Learn more**: [WebMCP on Chrome for Developers](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/webmcp-epp)

### 📦 MCP-B (Model Context Protocol for Browsers)

**MCP-B** is a implementation layer (following W3C standards) that makes websites AI-accessible. It enables AI agents to interact with your website through structured tools via the `navigator.modelContext` API.

- **Library used**: `@mcp-b/react-webmcp`
- **Official Docs**: [MCP-B Documentation](https://docs.mcp-b.ai/introduction)

## �🛠 WebMCP Integration

This application exposes several MCP tools that allow an AI agent to interact with your todo list:

- `get_todos`: Retrieves all current tasks and provides a pre-rendered HTML UI representation.
- `add_todo`: Allows the agent to add a new task to your list.
- `toggle_todo`: Switches the completion status of a specific task.
- `delete_todo`: Removes a task from the list.

## 💻 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (Latest LTS recommended)
- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (Optional, but recommended for faster dependency management)

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open your browser to the URL provided by Vite (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

## 📚 Learning More

To understand how the MCP tools are implemented, check out the logic in:

- `src/components/TodoList.jsx`: Contains the `useWebMCP` hook definitions.
- `package.json`: Shows the `@mcp-b/` dependencies used.
